Update instructions (#3220)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/update_and_migration/from_4.6/update_from_4.6.md

    psql <database_name> < vendor/ibexa/installer/upgrade/db/postgresql/ibexa-4.6.28-to-4.6.29.sql
    ```

## v4.6.30

### Update Twig to v3.26.0

> It's highly recommenced to update `twig/twig` and `twig/intl-extra` to version v3.26.0 or higher for security issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For security reasons, it's highly recommenced to update `twig/twig` and `twig/intl-extra` to version v3.26.0 or higher.

For more information, see the following security advisories:

```

* [GHSA-68jq-c3rv-pcrr](https://packagist.org/security-advisories/GHSA-68jq-c3rv-pcrr)
* [GHSA-fc86-6rv6-2jpm](https://packagist.org/security-advisories/GHSA-fc86-6rv6-2jpm)

> * [GHSA-r7cg-qjjm-xhqq](https://packagist.org/security-advisories/GHSA-r7cg-qjjm-xhqq)

Reviewer: These are about GraphQL already, covered in the previous release - should they be on this list?

I'd remove them, as the introduction sentence does not mention GraphQL at all.

Author: ```suggestion
```

* [PKSA-hgmw-wn4d-hpcy](https://packagist.org/security-advisories/PKSA-hgmw-wn4d-hpcy)
* [PKSA-kvv6-36cr-fkzb](https://packagist.org/security-advisories/PKSA-kvv6-36cr-fkzb)
* [PKSA-n14z-jjjg-g8vd](https://packagist.org/security-advisories/PKSA-n14z-jjjg-g8vd)
* [PKSA-3mcc-k66d-pydb](https://packagist.org/security-advisories/PKSA-3mcc-k66d-pydb)
* [PKSA-gw7n-z4yx-7xjt](https://packagist.org/security-advisories/PKSA-gw7n-z4yx-7xjt)
* [PKSA-dpx1-78wg-1kqs](https://packagist.org/security-advisories/PKSA-dpx1-78wg-1kqs)
* [PKSA-21g2-dzjv-sky5](https://packagist.org/security-advisories/PKSA-21g2-dzjv-sky5)
* [PKSA-yhcn-xrg3-68b1](https://packagist.org/security-advisories/PKSA-yhcn-xrg3-68b1)
* [PKSA-2wrf-1xmk-1pky](https://packagist.org/security-advisories/PKSA-2wrf-1xmk-1pky)
* [PKSA-6319-ffpf-gx66](https://packagist.org/security-advisories/PKSA-6319-ffpf-gx66)
* [PKSA-n7sg-8f52-pqtf](https://packagist.org/security-advisories/PKSA-n7sg-8f52-pqtf)
* [PKSA-8kk8-h2xr-h5nx](https://packagist.org/security-advisories/PKSA-8kk8-h2xr-h5nx)
* [PKSA-2rbx-bjdx-4d4d](https://packagist.org/security-advisories/PKSA-2rbx-bjdx-4d4d)

> This packages version requires minimal PHP 8.1. They're automatically updated if you use PHP 8.1 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use these packages in versions not affected by security vulnerabilities, PHP 8.1 is the minimum required version. 

For projects meeting this requirement, you can update the packages with Composer.
```

If you're using PHP 7.4 or 8.0, to do the [[= product_name =]] update, you have two options:

#### Update PHP, the custom code, then the platform (recommended)

> Make sure to host on PHP 8.1 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to use on PHP 8.1 or higher.
```

Migrate custom code to be compatible with PHP 8.1 or higher.

> You can optionally use [Rector](https://github.com/rectorphp/rector) to help yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrate custom code to be compatible with PHP 8.1 or higher, for example by using [Rector](https://github.com/rectorphp/rector).
```

Then, update Ibexa DXP.

#### Implement other countermeasures

> If updating the Twig packages isn't possible, for example, because the project is using PHP 7.4 or 8.0 where the fix is not available, and you need time to migrate while urgently needing v5.0.8 features, review the security issues carefully and assess the danger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If updating the Twig packages isn't possible, for example, because the project is using PHP 7.4 or 8.0 where the fixes are not available, review the security issues carefully and assess the danger.
```

I wouldn't focus on this - the truth is that everyone should go through these security issues, not only if they want 5.0.8 features.

The current sentece makes it sound a bit as if it's ok to stay on 5.0.7 if you don't need the features - and it's not, people must update because of the security stuff.

If you choose to implement countermeasures without upgrading PHP and updating Twig, you can silence the advisories in `composer.json`:

```json
"config": {
    "audit": {
        "ignore": {
            "GHSA-68jq-c3rv-pcrr": "Description of the countermeasures you've implemented causing this one to be safe to ignore.",
            "GHSA-fc86-6rv6-2jpm": "Description of the countermeasures you've implemented causing this one to be safe to ignore.",

>             "GHSA-r7cg-qjjm-xhqq": "Description of the countermeasures you've implemented causing this one to be safe to ignore.",

Reviewer: These 3 are covered in the previous release already, can be removed? Also, related to GraphQL, not Twig

Author: I hesitated on this one to not overrides with previous one. But, it's not our job to take care of that, there could even be some other ignore from what the partner is using.
```suggestion
```

            "PKSA-dpx1-78wg-1kqs": "Description of the countermeasures you've implemented causing this one to be safe to ignore.",
            "PKSA-21g2-dzjv-sky5": "Description of the countermeasures you've implemented causing this one to be safe to ignore.",
            "PKSA-yhcn-xrg3-68b1": "Description of the countermeasures you've implemented causing this one to be safe to ignore.",
            "PKSA-2wrf-1xmk-1pky": "Description of the countermeasures you've implemented causing this one to be safe to ignore.",
            "PKSA-6319-ffpf-gx66": "Description of the countermeasures you've implemented causing this one to be safe to ignore.",
            "PKSA-n7sg-8f52-pqtf": "Description of the countermeasures you've implemented causing this one to be safe to ignore.",
            "PKSA-8kk8-h2xr-h5nx": "Description of the countermeasures you've implemented causing this one to be safe to ignore.",
            "PKSA-2rbx-bjdx-4d4d": "Description of the countermeasures you've implemented causing this one to be safe to ignore."
        }
    }
}
```

> In addition, consider upgrading your project to one of [the actively supported PHP versions](/getting_started/requirements.md#php).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, consider upgrading your project to one of [the actively supported PHP versions](requirements.md#php).
```

Author: Your fault @mnocon 😆 
https://github.com/ibexa/documentation-developer/commit/76df8ae72cfab17cbe1204e619e55b93cbd7488c?diff=unified#diff-0b0a1b496aa708350d90583fe41058941b43c3fb7ac078cb11f678590549d226R643
